docs(guides): fix grammar + typos (#10652)
remix-run/remix: docs/guides/browser-support.md

Remix only runs in browsers that support [ES Modules][esm-browsers].

Usually teams are concerned about IE11 support when asking this question. Note that [Microsoft itself has stopped supporting this browser][msie] for their web applications, and it's probably time for you, too.

> However, thanks to first-class support for [Progressive Enhancement][pe], Remix apps can support browsers as old as Netscape 1.0! This works because Remix is built on the foundations of the web: HTML, HTTP, and browser behavior. By following Remix conventions, your app can work at a baseline level for IE11, while still providing a highly interactive SPA experience for modern browsers. It takes little effort on your part to achieve this, too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, thanks to first-class support for [Progressive Enhancement][pe], Remix apps can support browsers as old as Netscape 1.0! This works because Remix is built on the foundations of the web: HTML, HTTP, and browser behavior. By following Remix conventions, your app can work at a baseline level for IE11, while still providing a highly interactive SPA experience for modern browsers. It doesn't take much effort on your part to achieve this, either.
```
